Welcome back for another 5 minute movie recap.
Today, I'm going to give you an overview of
the 2020 South Korean dystopian action thriller
film called 'Time to Hunt'.
The film is written and directed by Yoon Sung-hyun.
The film is set in a dystopian South Korea
and follows a group of young friends who plan
a robbery and are pursued by a mystery assassin
after completing the job.
Warning: there will be spoilers ahead, so
please proceed with caution.
Jun-seok escapes from jail in dystopian South
Korea, where he was imprisoned as a result
of a failed theft he and his friends executed.
The Korean won has plummeted, rendering that
haul essentially useless.
Jun-seok suggests one last robbery to his
best buddies Jang-ho and Ki-hoon in order
to get out of their bad situations.
Their aim is an illicit gaming establishment
that houses large amounts of US currency.
Sang-soo, who is now employed at the gaming
establishment, is recruited by the three.
After obtaining guns from Bong-sik, a buddy
Jun-seok knew in jail, the quartet proceeds
with the robbery, which ends in a chaotic
but successful manner.
They seize a significant quantity of money
as well as the gambling establishment's surveillance
hard drives, which include evidence of shady
deals between the gambling establishment's
owners and different criminals.
Sang-soo asks to stay in the city a bit longer
after the heist in order to continue working
at the gambling establishment and avoid attracting
suspicion.
The three departs towards Ki-parents' hoon's
house.
The proprietors of the gaming establishment
are dissatisfied with the disappearance of
the surveillance hard drives.
They hire contract assassin Han to track down
the four and collect the hard discs.
Han pays a visit to Bong-sik, compels him
to contact Jun-seok, revealing the trio's
present position, and then murders him.
Han pursues Sang-soo and murders him off-screen
before stealing his phone.
Jun-seok awakens from a nightmare and enters
a bar.
He receives a call on Sang-phone, soo's but
when he realises that someone else within
the bar has his phone, he panics and pushes
Jang-ho and Ki-hoon to run, knowing that someone
is looking for them.
In an attempt to escape the lodge, Han shoots
Jang-ho, causing the automobile to crash.
Before continuing his pursuit, Han gives the
trio a 5-minute head start, and they go to
the hospital to treat Jang-injuries.
ho's Jun-seok saw Han arriving to the hospital
while they are resting.
The trio hotwire Han's vehicle and discover
that it is a police cruiser with access to
the city's security cameras.
They try to strike a deal with Han, assuming
he is a cop, but he refuses.
Han is detained by the police, but he is released
on the road on the instructions of the police
chief.
The three arrive at the port, where they must
remain until morning.
Ki-hoon returns to his parents' house, suspecting
that his parents are in trouble, bidding farewell
to Jun-seok, who is outside.
When Jun-seok arrives home at dark, he notices
an unusual automobile at the door and realises
Han has arrived.
Jun-seok and Jang-ho flee Han and rush to
a neighbouring automobile, but Han shoots
them down before Jang-ho can start the car.
Jun-seok claims that battling Han is their
only way out.
During the shootout, Han repeatedly shoots
Jang-ho, who ultimately succumbs to his injuries.
As Han is ready to shoot Jun-seok, a gang
of masked men led by Bong-identical sik's
brother Bong-soo arrives to murder Han in
retaliation for his brother's death.
The disguised guys shoot Han many times, and
he falls off the docks into the water.
Jun-seok sails the boat to Kenting, Taiwan,
before daybreak, where he remains for a while,
but he can't get over the loss of his companions.
He requests information on everyone associated
with the gambling establishment and discovers
that Han has survived.
Ki-hoon did not live after coming home, it
is also discovered.
Jun-seok, who has improved his gun skills,
realises he will never be able to escape Han
and goes to South Korea to confront him.
If you like this movie, click the link in
the description below to watch it today.
I hope you have enjoyed this video.
Hit the like button and subscribe for more
videos.
Have a great day ahead.